*[Disclaimer] This document is a glorified rant. Instead of a read me, this is a rant me. Venture forth at your own risk. If you're interested in the usual read me stuff, jump forward to the 'What Nexus' section and keep your wits about you. That section is still pretty ranty. You have been warned. [/Disclaimer]*

*[Disclaimer, The Second]Having said that, and not scared you (hopefully). I really hope you use this library. And if you do and like it, I really hope you read this document once you have some free time. Because it's important and it tells you why I did this thing. I feel that **whys** are an important part of life. Which is **why** (get it?) I didn't just do this in a normal, boring, readme, sort of way. Because this is important to me, damn it. If not the library itself, since being constituted mostly by code it may very possibly suck beyond belief, then the idea behind the library. That I feel is way more important the code that makes it.*

*So yeah, maybe even if you don't like the library, come back sometime, read why I felt I had to try it. It might make something inside yourself click and then who knows, you'll go and do the thing I've (presumably) failed to do. Or you'll get a group of people together to do it. If and when you do, shoot me a message, I would love to hear about it. [/Disclaimer, The Second]*

# Why Nexus

Because DRY is just not enough. What I really like is DWCUYAHTAETWAMAOCTGTJDATSANWTCEABLFIWCINWICUTBIFIIRT (Don't write code unless you absolutely have to, and even then, write a minimal amount of code to get the job done and then stop and never write that code ever again, because, let's face it writing code is not what it's cracked up to be. In fact, it is really terrible.)

Nexus is ambitious. It wants to replace code entirely and it's rooted in the belief (I hold to be self-evident), that the last thing the world needs more of is code. Code is bad. I mean, we get to do cool things with code. But the thing itself is really bad. And there is soooo much of it around. Really, take a look around GitHub, all that code... That's not good. Developers were supposed to be harbingers of the future. Make things behave awesomely. Instead we're just paper-clip maximizers, but instead of maximizing something as useful as a paper-clip we're maximizing code, which, like I mentioned before, is terrible. Let's stop, yeah? Seriously, we have a problem, man.

So what's the solution? DWCUYAHTAETWAMAOCTGTJDATSANWTCEABLFIWCINWICUTBIFIIRT. Really, drink it in. Learn to despise every line of code you write, it will make you a better person and a better developer. It truly, really will.

Every line of code you write is keeping you from spending time reading your favorite book, or another completely new book that could very well become your favorite from now on because it completely changes the way you think about things. Don't you want to read that book? Then why are you writing all of that code? Think about it. Or maybe you could be writing a book. Seriously, if you wrote a book I would totally read it, because you seem like a really smart person with very interesting things to say. I mean it. Of if books are not your thing, you could be doing the thing your thing is, maybe movies? Or, I know! Photographs, that's your thing. Seriously, go out there and take that photograph and then send it to me, I'd love to see it. Or maybe none of those things are your thing, maybe you don't really have a thing like those things. Maybe you're a parent whose thing is just raising the heck out of your kids. That's cool too, in fact, that is the coolest. Now think about that, instead of raising the heck out of your kid, you're writing code. That's terrible. And code is doing that to you. Don't you just hate it? 

But it's ok, now that you're onto code's game. Now that you know that code is out to destroy civilization, now you can do the right thing and DWCUYAHTAETWAMAOCTGTJDATSANWTCEABLFIWCINWICUTBIFIIRT. And once you start doing that, you can use all of your free time to do the other thing, that thing we talked about. The thing you're so good at and that, honestly, between you and me is actually making the world better, as opposed to code, which is making the world worse.

And if all of the rock solid arguments laid out above still haven't gotten to you. Because, you're one of those rock people on which appeals to emotion have no effect on. Consider this, mountain person, the code you're about to write to do the thing you want to do. It has already been done. Probably better than what you're about to do too. Because the code you write is not that good. Nothing personal. Good code is just a contradiction. You know what's really good? Not Code. So you don't write good code, because you can't write good code. So, instead of writing the code that has already been written, don't and use the code the other code (the one that has already been written).

If you stop to think about it, code is never what you want. It's always a means to some end. You don't want to write code, you want to make an app, or a service or an artificial intelligence that can measure your vital signs so it can know exactly when you need a hug, so when you need a hug it will just email (or call, or text) the nearest hug delivery system (also known as human) to deliver you a hug, because hugs are powerful and make your life better. Remember the whole "Free Hugs" craze? Yeah, that was kinda weird. Haha, and remember the one with the guy that had $2 deluxe hugs? Hah, Capitalism! Wacky stuff! But seriously, you should go watch that video if you can. Specially if you were thinking about writing some code. Anyway, where was I? Oh yeah, you don't want to write code, you want the thing that code can do. So do that, you know? Get the thing that code can do without actually having to write code. It's better this way.

So yeah. Like I was saying. Nexus is ambitious. It's meant to do away with every human backed paper-clip maximizing activity. And since code is the worst offender (or just the one I'm closest to, either or). We'll begin with that. No more code. Well, you'll still have to write some code, because Nexus is not ready yet. But as it stands right now, it can reduce the amount of code you write by SOME percent. Yep, SOME percent less code. That's SOME percent more time you can spend doing other things.

TLDR: DWCUYAHTAETWAMAOCTGTJDATSANWTCEABLFIWCINWICUTBIFIIRT 

# How Nexus

# What Nexus

# Final Notes

## On The Seriousness with which I write these words

If you're looking for a more serious version of this text, you can re-read the whole thing. Because, why would you think I'm not serious? I used the word **seriously**, like, a bunch of times. What do you think that word means? Not seriously? That's like the opposite of what it means.

## On Kindred Spirits

If you're a kindred spirit and also hates code. You can contribute to Nexus. Just keep in mind our values (described in the "How Nexus" section). If you want to fork Nexus and do something with it, just go ahead (in that case, you really don't need to keep our values in mind at all. You still should, because our values are awesome and code is terrible. But you don't have to.). If you do something cool with it send us a message and tell us about it. Like I said, I think you're a really smart person and am very interested in the things that you do. I guess my point here is: Don't worry about me suing you. Cause I won't. I think lawyers are paper-clip maximizers too, but instead of paper-clips they maximize beaurocracy. Come to think of it Software People and Lawyers have a lot in common. So yeah, I won't sue you because that's not, like, cool. So do as you will.

## For Lawyers

Hey friend, do you mind skiping this one, just don't tell anyone I told you to skip it, though. This is just for the lawyers. You know, the people I just called beaurocracy maximizers. Yeah, you really don't want to read this. 

Ok, are they gone? Ok, lawyers listen up: I really don't know that person. I was acting all friendly because that's how I act, you know? But I don't know them... So, I guess what I'm saying is: I take no responsibility for the thing they are going to do with this, or with the free time this gives them. Because they may be completely bonkers for all I know. So the thing they do with this is totally on them. Not on me. 

I'm just trying to help everyone. And if you try to help everyone, sometimes you're going to help some people who are bonkers. What can you do about that? Nothing! That's what. You keep trying to help everyone, because most of everyone will be not bonkers people. People who are totally worth trying to help. Not only that, at least one of the people included in that everyone is going to be me, and I'm definitely not bonkers. In fact, I'm a pretty decent guy who really enjoy writing, reading and spending time with the people he loves on his free time. So I think helping me have some more free time is a good thing. If I could only help me and the other non bonkers people without helping the people who are bonkers... Well, I wouldn't. I'm not going to lie to you Lawyer person. I would still try to help everyone. Because I feel it's about freedom you know. People should have the freedom to define themselves and if a person wants to be bonkers and do things that are bonkers, who am I to tell them not to? I'll just tell them: "Hey man, I take no responsibility for the things that you may do. And if I'm being really honest here, I only do that because of lawyers. Have I ever told how lawyers really are just paper-clip maximizers? Yeah, but instead of paper-clips they maximize beaurocracy." So yeah, don't take this an encouragement for bonkers behaviour. Instead take this as what it is: A disclaimer to cover my ass in case someone does something with this I really couldn't in a million years have predicted they would do and would probably not support they do if I had. 

Do you see this, Lawyer person? Do you see what you're turning the world into? Look at it! Look at it! This is your legacy! You know what?! You're next. After I am done ending the code writing addiction that has taken society. I am coming for your job. Or maybe I'm not, but somebody else is. Somebody else who understand that humans are NOT paper-clip maximizers.

Ok, I got carried away... I'm not sorry, but maybe I shouldn't have said all of that to you. I'm sure most of this stuff isn't your fault. I'm sure you became a lawyer person for noble reasons. Justice and things like that. You know... I like Justice too, Lawyer person, I do. See? We have so much in common... Shoot me a message, let's talk more about justice and stuff. Where was I? Yeah, the last paragraph... I meant it, but not as a personal thing against you. Like I said before, I like you. I just don't like what maximizing paper-clips has done to you. In fact, maybe you can be the person I was talking about. The Lawyer version of me, you know? Ask yourself: What can I do to shift the game? Instead of maximizing paper-clips (in your case paper-clips = beaurocracy), what can I do to minimize it? Possibly, completely erradicate it? I'll tell you what the first step is: Hating paper-clips (not actual paper-clips, those can be pretty useful. Remember we're talking in metaphors here). The second step is up to you.

But yeah, in case none of the things I said has resonated with you, Lawyer Person. I've added an MIT License to this whole thing, because I really wanna cover my ass. The reason for that is simple: If I get sued I'd have to deal with lawyers and stuff and we both know how I feel about lawyers (again, nothing personal. Some of my best-friend (No typo... \*Sad Emoji\*. Nah, jk, jk. I have a lot of friends. You just don't know them because they live in another city.) is a lawyer). So yeah...

## On Footnotes

# Footnotes